All right.
Welcome back my student.
So on this lecture here we're going to set up our migration for a users table.
But before we keep going on this course here.
All right.
We're going to make use of some of the knowledge that we already learned.
Right.
We're going to start actually using version control because we're going to push this to get how one
of these days right.
We're going to make a really awesome project and we want other people to cooperate with us.
Or maybe you guys want to cooperate with me on this project.
And when we launch it to get hot you guys can you know suggest some so new features.
Well maybe implementing your project we can pull that in and use that.
You know we can do a lot of things if we have it available.
So let's make sure that whatever we do on this project we don't lose let's do good in it.
Now right now is to get status.
All right so we need to add this to the staging area.
All right so get add full.
There we go.
You can do it get started again.
You can see the old green now.
Beautiful.
So now we're going to do a quick comment here and it's a good comment and we're going to say my first
comment
and we're going to save views admin views or something like that created.
There we go now.
Good log.
Whoops.
There we go.
So now we can always go back.
OK.
Beautiful.
All right.
So now let's go ahead and start the migration now guys.
You don't really want to do it like I usually don't do commits.
I don't really do commit commits unless I'm doing something really awesome.
I don't want to lose it like you know if I build maybe you'll see how I do it but because I don't do
commits all the time it's just too much riding right.
But I do commit to every time I add a special feature and I'm afraid I'm going to lose it.
Right.
But anyway let's go to our migrations real quick.
We can see that we have a user stable here.
We click on it we need to modify this a little bit.
So let's come here and add what I was thinking is that we should add a roll right.
So let's make it an integer and we need to add a rule ID.
So if you want this user to be related to our roles table later on we need to have a real ID.
And of course we need to have the roles migration as well.
But let's set this up first.
All right.
And then I was thinking that we could actually take away the privileges from a user meaning that i could
we could actually in the sakte deactivate the user interface or let's actually create a column for that
let's call it is active active like this.
All right.
And we could create the fault for it and we can say default is make it zero.
So if it's zero that means the user is not active.
If he's one the user will be active.
That's how we're going to set it up.
All right.
So we got the name the e-mail all of this looks correct.
And this the real I.D. we can make a little faster and we can put an in that's there and we can also
make sure that he's on signed a positive number.
All right.
We can make a note Laboy if we wanted to you can do that as well.
All right so you don't have a problem if he's not here.
All right cool.
Even though you shouldn't have a problem if he's empty.
I think we're good with this migration.
All right.
All right cool.
So now here let's set up the rose migration as well so let's clear this out and let's just say BHP artists
and make let's make them model right away make model rule
and increase the migration.
Right click on it and it's quick come here and let's just give it a name
name.
All right.
Cool.
Beautiful.
So in the next lecture will create relationships.
And if you guys remember go ahead and do it yourself and we'll compare the call on the that's lecture
.
Take care.